{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34 \cf2 Title: \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 The Prediction of car accident\'92s severity\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34 \cf2 1- Introduction\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 1.1 Background \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 The US average number of car accidents is 6 million every year. These car accidents resulted in more than 30000 fatalities and 3 million injuries annually. 60% of the those injuries resulted in permanent disabilities among the drivers. Although the number of fatalities per the total US population declined over the last two decades, the numbers started to increase in 2015 and continued to move up in 2016. According to business insider, there are seven common causes of car accidents in the US. Distracted driving due to paying attention to road, smartphones or applying makeup as well as driving under influence are the leading causes of car accidents. Breaking the speed limit is the second cause of car accidents. Although, all of the previous causes are driver related, there are other driver\'92s unrelated causes such as bad weather, low visibility (night time), or road condition (construction sites). To help the drivers to avoid being involved in a car accident, it will be important to predict the possibility of getting into an accident and how severe the accident would be, so that the driver would drive more carefully or even change his travel if he is able to. \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 1.2 Problem\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 Data that associate the occurrence of car accidents and how severe they are and some accident related factors such as the weather condition, road status, and degree of visibility. The project aims to build a model that could predict the possibility of the occurrence of the accident and how sever this accident will be. \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 1.3 Intrest\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 The car drivers will be interested in such model that predict whether or not they may get into a car accident based on the current status of the road and the weather, so that the driver would drive more carefully or even change his travel if he is able to. }